

    The bees decided to have a mutiny against their queen.
    She always speaks to him in a loud voice.
    He found the end of the rainbow and was surprised at what he found there.
    You bite up because of your lower jaw.
    Charles ate the french fries knowing they would be his last meal.
    I don’t respect anybody who can’t tell the difference between Pepsi and Coke.
    For oil spots on the floor, nothing beats parking a motorbike in the lounge.
    Grape jelly was leaking out the hole in the roof.
    He kept telling himself that one day it would all somehow make sense.
    They did nothing as the raccoon attacked the lady’s bag of food.
    She had a habit of taking showers in lemonade.
    So long and thanks for the fish.
    It turns out you don't need all that stuff you insisted you did.
    It was her first experience training a rainbow unicorn.
    I am my aunt's sister's daughter.
    Dan ate the clouds like cotton candy.
    Pantyhose and heels are an interesting choice of attire for the beach.
    It was obvious she was hot, sweaty, and tired.
    You're good at English when you know the difference between a man eating chicken and a man-eating chicken.
    He strives to keep the best lawn in the neighborhood.
    Dolores wouldn't have eaten the meal if she had known what it actually was.
    The gruff old man sat in the back of the bait shop grumbling to himself as he scooped out a handful of worms.
    Carol drank the blood as if she were a vampire.
    Never underestimate the willingness of the greedy to throw you under the bus.
    I like to leave work after my eight-hour tea-break.
    Not all people who wander are lost.
    We will not allow you to bring your pet armadillo along.
    Going from child, to childish, to childlike is only a matter of time.
    Tom got a small piece of pie.
    Mary realized if her calculator had a history, it would be more embarrassing than her computer browser history.
    He looked behind the door and didn't like what he saw.
    A purple pig and a green donkey flew a kite in the middle of the night and ended up sunburnt.
    She looked into the mirror and saw another person.
    She was amazed by the large chunks of ice washing up on the beach.
    The hand sanitizer was actually clear glue.
    She had that tint of craziness in her soul that made her believe she could actually make a difference.
    Gary didn't understand why Doug went upstairs to get one dollar bills when he invited him to go cow tipping.
    I covered my friend in baby oil.
    He spiked his hair green to support his iguana.
    Nobody questions who built the pyramids in Mexico.
    Choosing to do nothing is still a choice, after all.
    Separation anxiety is what happens when you can't find your phone.
    Some bathing suits just shouldn’t be worn by some people.
    It's not often you find a soggy banana on the street.
    The opportunity of a lifetime passed before him as he tried to decide between a cone or a cup.
    After exploring the abandoned building, he started to believe in ghosts.
    She hadn't had her cup of coffee, and that made things all the worse.
    As the asteroid hurtled toward earth, Becky was upset her dentist appointment had been canceled.
    The external scars tell only part of the story.
    I would have gotten the promotion, but my attendance wasn’t good enough.

